Wow, it's a fairy.
You are not my mommy, you are the princess
Auntie, why is your whole body glowing?
Rongrong, you say each set looks good.
Mr. Gu, which set do you think I should wear?
I generally only make choices for businesses with a few hundred million
What do you mean?
Everyone wants it
Ok Mr. Gu
A total of 126,888
Mr. Gu, how dare you?
Wear it like this from now on
Finally a little bit like a secretary
I will translate it for Mr. Gu. It is Mommy, you are beautiful.
Uncle President, we don't take your things for free.
I have something for you too
What's that?
Hahaha mommy said
My smile is the most precious thing in the world
Mr. Gu
What time is our flight to Beijing today?
Hey ma'am
Don't tell the young master
It's not appropriate to fly directly to find him
He is on a temporary business trip
Need my care the most
What's wrong?